>> Steve Kinney: So, we saw that you could
upload a index.html by finding it on your
file system and, I think you can also drag
and drop it, which is even more rewarding.
But that's not really great.
It will be better if we could
somehow in our build process be
able to upload the assets, right?
So we can do something like,
okay, Webpack, go ahead and
build my React application.
And all this'll work just as well for
an Angular application or
an Ember application or what have you.
A View application, your
Vanilla JavaScript with Webpack project.
Anything along those lines.
This is completely agnostic, I just
hollowed out a react application for
the demo.
So I'm gonna use ideas from react.
But none of this matters, this is
about taking any app that you have and
deploying it.
So what we want to do is be able
to use it from the command line.
If you have never set this up
before you've installed the AWSCLI,
you can type in AWS configure, right?
And this will kind of get the basic
doc files ready for you, and
it'll ask you a few questions.
And so it'll ask you for
your AWS access key ID.
And then that secret.
So if you didn't download the CSV
this'll be the first time in your life
you have to go and regenerate that
key cuz you'll never see it again.
But ideally you have it saved in a CSV.
A default region name.
Let's no matter where
you are in the world,
let's agree to use us-east-1 right now.
The reasoning for that is anything that
is global is located in us-east-1 and
Cloudfront is global, right?
And when we want to add lambda edge
functions to our Cloudfront distribution,
those will all need to
be in us-east-1 as well.
And so I would implore you not to
add a layer of complexity as you're
first learning stuff by picking
a different region 'cuz eventually,
you'll setup your lambda function
in US West 2 or whatever.
And you'll go to add Cloudfront 2 and
Cloudfront won't be in the UI and
you'll think that I'm insane,
which is true.
But like that's not the issue,
it's just that you can't put
lambdas on Cloudfront in US-West-2.
And there's not really like,
they don't have a really great
way of telling you that.
It's just not there, and
you will be sad, all right?
And that's the example I can think of I
can't, off the top of my head like there's
probably other cases where
you will also be sad.
So let's stick with us-east-1,
as our default region.
And as you play around
with this after the fact,
you might wanna pick a different region.
And again, we talked a little bit about
possibly even deploying our applications
to multiple regions.
One that you never use, but
you can then change the DNS to hit that
other one instead at some point as well.
All right, so we're gonna take
really like three minutes, and
we just go into the AWS configure
as I put in my secret key and
I'll join you back here
in like a minute or two.
All right, so we've got that set up.
I set up on my machine as well.
Kind of question that comes
up pretty frequently is,
we might talk a little bit about making
multiple accounts for multiple users.
And so how would we support that if
these are environment variables?
Turns out, you can have multiples
profiles with the AWS CLI.
And so, if you go ahead and
you just made a directory called .aws as
a hidden directory in your root folder,
And then there are two files in
there config and credentials.
How you answered four questions?
The credentials part are in
the credentials file.
What region and what output format you
want your error logs was in the configs.
So you can change that any time.
The other interesting part you
see that default out there,
that will be if you don't specify
a profile what it will use.
But you can have multiple Amazon users
in your command line tool, all right?
And so the way you would use this
is the dash dash profile flag.
And so if you don't specify
a dash dash profile flag,
you're going to get a default.
But if you dash dash profile space side
project it's going to use a different
set of keys.
All right, and so like if you play
multiple things you might wanna have that
in part of your build process or
something along those lines.
We're just gonna use
the default today but,
that way you can like work on work stuff
and then have side projects or like.
It stops you from making one like global
user that can control all of your
different assets.
You can actually like at least
provision it separately.